Update HN post (#2735)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/people-ops/hiring/hacker-news-who-is-hiring.md

> 
> The problem developers face today is that the amount, complexity, and value of code is increasing quickly, and it is hard to keep up. We call this problem Big Code. 
> Sourcegraph helps developers at our customers and in open source, find code, understand code, and automate changes to that code at scale in massive codebases.
>
> It’s an exciting time to join because our business is growing rapidly (4x revenue growth last year with zero customer churn) and our $50m Series C from Sequoia has given us the opportunity to make these big ambitious bets while being fiscally responsible.
> 
> We are an equal opportunity workplace and our all-remote team is spread across the world. We embrace diversity and welcome people from all backgrounds and communities.
>
> Transparency is a core value of ours and you can learn more about how we operate by reading our handbook: https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook.
>

> > Apply to one of our many open roles here: https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/careers

Author: ```suggestion
> If you want to make software development more accessible to everyone, apply to one of our open roles!
 https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/careers
```
